= Conference Track Management

This is a coding exercise that takes in talks with durations and schedules out a conference with those talks. This exercise is similar to the subset sum problem.

== Exercise

You are planning a big programming conference and have received many proposals which have passed the initial screen process but you're having trouble fitting them into the time constraints of the day -- there are so many possibilities! So you write a program to do it for you.

*  The conference has multiple tracks each of which has a morning and afternoon session.
*  Each session contains multiple talks.
*  Morning sessions begin at 9am and must finish by 12 noon, for lunch. 
*  Afternoon sessions begin at 1pm and must finish in time for the networking event.
*  The networking event can start no earlier than 4:00 and no later than 5:00.
*  No talk title has numbers in it.
*  All talk lengths are either in minutes (not hours) or lightning (5 minutes).
*  Presenters will be very punctual; there needs to be no gap between sessions.

Note that depending on how you choose to complete this problem, your solution may give a different ordering or combination of talks into tracks. This is acceptable; you don’t need to exactly duplicate the sample output given here.
 
Test input:
 
  Writing Fast Tests Against Enterprise Rails 60min
  Overdoing it in Python 45min
  Lua for the Masses 30min
  Ruby Errors from Mismatched Gem Versions 45min
  Common Ruby Errors 45min
  Rails for Python Developers lightning
  Communicating Over Distance 60min
  Accounting-Driven Development 45min
  Woah 30min
  Sit Down and Write 30min
  Pair Programming vs Noise 45min
  Rails Magic 60min
  Ruby on Rails: Why We Should Move On 60min
  Clojure Ate Scala (on my project) 45min
  Programming in the Boondocks of Seattle 30min
  Ruby vs. Clojure for Back-End Development 30min
  Ruby on Rails Legacy App Maintenance 60min
  A World Without HackerNews 30min
  User Interface CSS in Rails Apps 30min
 
Test output:
 
  Track 1:
  09:00AM Writing Fast Tests Against Enterprise Rails 60min
  10:00AM Overdoing it in Python 45min
  10:45AM Lua for the Masses 30min
  11:15AM Ruby Errors from Mismatched Gem Versions 45min
  12:00PM Lunch
  01:00PM Ruby on Rails: Why We Should Move On 60min
  02:00PM Common Ruby Errors 45min
  02:45PM Pair Programming vs Noise 45min
  03:30PM Programming in the Boondocks of Seattle 30min
  04:00PM Ruby vs. Clojure for Back-End Development 30min
  04:30PM User Interface CSS in Rails Apps 30min
  05:00PM Networking Event
 
  Track 2:
  09:00AM Communicating Over Distance 60min
  10:00AM Rails Magic 60min
  11:00AM Woah 30min
  11:30AM Sit Down and Write 30min
  12:00PM Lunch
  01:00PM Accounting-Driven Development 45min
  01:45PM Clojure Ate Scala (on my project) 45min
  02:30PM A World Without HackerNews 30min
  03:00PM Ruby on Rails Legacy App Maintenance 60min
  04:00PM Rails for Python Developers lightning
  05:00PM Networking Event
  
== Tests

To run tests, which are in the spec/ directory, first run bundler to install rspec.
  $ bundle install

Then to execute the tests, run rspec.
  $ rspec spec/*

All examples should pass.

== Executable

To try planning your own conference using this exercise, run the executable.
  $ bin/conference_track_manager
  > Writing Fast Tests Against Enterprise Rails 60min
  > Overdoing it in Python 45min
  > Lua for the Masses 30min
  > Ruby Errors from Mismatched Gem Versions 45min
  > Common Ruby Errors 45min
  > Rails for Python Developers lightning
  > Communicating Over Distance 60min
  > Accounting-Driven Development 45min
  > Woah 30min
  > Sit Down and Write 30min
  > Pair Programming vs Noise 45min
  > Rails Magic 60min
  > Ruby on Rails: Why We Should Move On 60min
  > Clojure Ate Scala (on my project) 45min
  > Programming in the Boondocks of Seattle 30min
  > Ruby vs. Clojure for Back-End Development 30min
  > Ruby on Rails Legacy App Maintenance 60min
  > A World Without HackerNews 30min
  > User Interface CSS in Rails Apps 30min
  > done
  Track 1:
  09:00AM Writing Fast Tests Against Enterprise Rails 60min
  10:00AM Ruby on Rails Legacy App Maintenance 60min
  11:00AM Communicating Over Distance 60min
  12:00PM Lunch
  01:00PM Common Ruby Errors 45min
  01:45PM Ruby Errors from Mismatched Gem Versions 45min
  02:30PM Pair Programming vs Noise 45min
  03:15PM Woah 30min
  03:45PM Programming in the Boondocks of Seattle 30min
  04:15PM Lua for the Masses 30min
  04:45PM Rails for Python Developers lightning
  04:50PM Networking Event

  Track 2:
  09:00AM Rails Magic 60min
  10:00AM Ruby on Rails: Why We Should Move On 60min
  11:00AM Sit Down and Write 30min
  11:30AM User Interface CSS in Rails Apps 30min
  12:00PM Lunch
  01:00PM Clojure Ate Scala (on my project) 45min
  01:45PM Accounting-Driven Development 45min
  02:30PM Overdoing it in Python 45min
  03:15PM A World Without HackerNews 30min
  03:45PM Ruby vs. Clojure for Back-End Development 30min
  04:15PM Networking Event
  $

Input each talk by line, with the format of [talk title] [duration] where "lightning" is a 5 minute talk.

When finished adding talks, enter "done"

The program will then output a formatted conference with each talk scheduled correctly inside of a session inside a track. Tracks can be used either as additional days to the conference or for having concurrently scheduled talks on the same day.